What's the attitude of the leftover one?
The leftover one hasn’t agreed yet?
But when the old lady followed me to the left home,
It seems that I despise you.
What?
Sun Yi refused to talk about the affair with Qian Bing of the Sun family,
But he was expelled by the people and left behind,
He also led so many games.
Why is he still thinking about my remaining soldiers?
Write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write
Write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write
Write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write
Write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write, write.
Ingredients that do not forget the Ming Dynasty
some ingredients